[BUG FIX] Visual Studio download link works again (#2857)
Felienne/hedy: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you are going to contribute to the code of Hedy, you will probably want to run the code on your own computer. For this you need to:
- install Python 3.7 or higher;

> - install Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 or higher, which you can [download here](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- install Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 or higher, which you can [download here](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/visual-cpp-build-tools/)
```
